README.md, before:

# Closetr

[LIVE PROJECT](http://fideslinga.com/closeter/)

### What it is
Closetr is a closet tracker that helps you have a better sense of your style,
and spending. We want to make it easier to know what to wear next, and to give
you insight on which clothes work (and don't work) for you.

### Why we made this
#### ... a tool that we needed.
Our team is two people who have different relationships with personal style, as
well as different approaches to maintaining each of our closets.

Closetr is meant to help with organizing your closet, whether you have too much
or too little. We provide insights and simple analytics that help you make your
next decisions: be it purchases, what to wear today, or what you might need to
discard. We made this tool to help us, and hopefully it helps you too!
#### ... a project to help us learn.
We also wanted to get started on a project together and learn how to build a
web application with a new stack we have no previous experience on.

### Core functionality
There were a ton of things we wanted Closetr to do for us, but we decided to
start out with the things (dubbed "widgets") that were most important.

1. **Closet Widget**
First, the obvious: we wanted to keep track of what's in our closet. This
feature allowed us to add new clothes in our closet, and then look through them
(with basic filters and sorts too). Basic maintenance functions such as editing
deleting are included too.

2. **Spending Widget**
The second widget tracks spending. Keeping within a budget was important to us
when it came to buying clothes, so we wanted this widget to help keep us
accountable. It would list what we've purchased during the last month (or whatever
period of time), and let us know if we're still in budget.

3. **Today Widget**
This widget makes everyday decisions about clothing easier. It tells you the
weather, which hopefully will help with dressing more appropriately for it. You
can also log what you're wearing for a particular day, which over time will tell
you about your style: what you tend to wear (and otherwise.)

### Look and feel
When coming up with the design for Closetr, we knew we wanted to start with
something simple and friendly. We liked flat designs with meaningful interactions,
which was the principle we went by in designing the initial screens for our
web application.

Without explaining too much, here are the mockups we've generated for Closetr:

#### Dashboard

Including Today Widget, Spending Widget, and Closet Widget.

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-dashboard.png?raw=true" width="600px">

#### Log Outfit

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-log-outfit-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-log-outfit-search-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

#### Closet View

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-closet-search-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

#### Add Clothing

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-add-clothing-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

These were the initial designs we made for Closetr. We know that nothing is set
in stone at this point. In the future, we would like to make it a project to
create a cohesive design for Closetr. We're inspired by Material Design; putting
intention behind design, and would like to apply that to Closetr as we develop
it.

### Technology Stack

As mentioned before, we started this project for the primary purpose of learning.
Thus, we're using a technology stack that we have limited experience in, but are
also relevant in the industry, to make sure that we're building with the best that
is out there. Currently we are building with MEAN Stack.

The front-end of Closetr is built on Angular (7), which is one of the leading web
frameworks. We chose Angular because of its prominence in the web development
community, and because our front-end developer has prior experience with AngularJS.

The back-end is currently being build with Node and Express, because it works naturally
with Angular. Lastly, our database will be managed with MongoDB, because our database
needs are leaning towards NoSQL.

### Our Progress

Our team thought of this idea around October 2018. We spent our first month and
some in the ideation stage. We came up with our requirements through creating
personas and user stories, and grounded those out into projects and tasks.

During this process of ideation and requirement gathering, we chose our
technology (Angular, Node, Express, and MongoDB). We also designed our UIs for the
web-app, as we are first targeting to release Closetr on the web. We also plan
on making Closetr available for iOS. For now, this is a distant project for us,
but we're designing web-app to be mobile-first to help keep us in check.

Check back here to follow our progress on Closetr!

Commit message:

S-10: Adding bootstrap to stack, and Contribute section

README.md, after:

# Closetr

[LIVE PROJECT](http://fideslinga.com/closeter/)

### What it is
Closetr is a closet tracker that helps you have a better sense of your style,
and spending. We want to make it easier to know what to wear next, and to give
you insight on which clothes work (and don't work) for you.

### Why we made this
#### ... a tool that we needed.
Our team is two people who have different relationships with personal style, as
well as different approaches to maintaining each of our closets.

Closetr is meant to help with organizing your closet, whether you have too much
or too little. We provide insights and simple analytics that help you make your
next decisions: be it purchases, what to wear today, or what you might need to
discard. We made this tool to help us, and hopefully it helps you too!
#### ... a project to help us learn.
We also wanted to get started on a project together and learn how to build a
web application with a new stack we have no previous experience on.

### Core functionality
There were a ton of things we wanted Closetr to do for us, but we decided to
start out with the things (dubbed "widgets") that were most important.

1. **Closet Widget**
First, the obvious: we wanted to keep track of what's in our closet. This
feature allowed us to add new clothes in our closet, and then look through them
(with basic filters and sorts too). Basic maintenance functions such as editing
deleting are included too.

2. **Spending Widget**
The second widget tracks spending. Keeping within a budget was important to us
when it came to buying clothes, so we wanted this widget to help keep us
accountable. It would list what we've purchased during the last month (or whatever
period of time), and let us know if we're still in budget.

3. **Today Widget**
This widget makes everyday decisions about clothing easier. It tells you the
weather, which hopefully will help with dressing more appropriately for it. You
can also log what you're wearing for a particular day, which over time will tell
you about your style: what you tend to wear (and otherwise.)

### Look and feel
When coming up with the design for Closetr, we knew we wanted to start with
something simple and friendly. We liked flat designs with meaningful interactions,
which was the principle we went by in designing the initial screens for our
web application.

Without explaining too much, here are the mockups we've generated for Closetr:

#### Dashboard

Including Today Widget, Spending Widget, and Closet Widget.

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-dashboard.png?raw=true" width="600px">

#### Log Outfit

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-log-outfit-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-log-outfit-search-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

#### Closet View

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-closet-search-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

#### Add Clothing

<img src="https://github.com/wafffly/closetr/blob/master/mockups/closetr_mockups_web-add-clothing-screen.png?raw=true" width="600px">

These were the initial designs we made for Closetr. We know that nothing is set
in stone at this point. In the future, we would like to make it a project to
create a cohesive design for Closetr. We're inspired by Material Design; putting
intention behind design, and would like to apply that to Closetr as we develop
it.

### Technology Stack

As mentioned before, we started this project for the primary purpose of learning.
Thus, we're using a technology stack that we have limited experience in, but are
also relevant in the industry, to make sure that we're building with the best that
is out there. Currently we are building with MEAN Stack.

The front-end of Closetr is built on Angular (7), which is one of the leading web
frameworks. We chose Angular because of its prominence in the web development
community, and because our front-end developer has prior experience with AngularJS.
To assist with UI, we are also using Boostrap (4).

The back-end is currently being build with Node and Express, because it works naturally
with Angular. Lastly, our database will be managed with MongoDB, because our database
needs are leaning towards NoSQL.

### Contribute

If you're interested in contributing, first: get in touch with
[Fides](mailto:fides.linga@mail.utoronto.ca), and with what ideas you have to
offer for Closetr.

Later on, we will provide instructions on how we integrate new features that
you may have.

### Our Progress

Our team thought of this idea around October 2018. We spent our first month and
some in the ideation stage. We came up with our requirements through creating
personas and user stories, and grounded those out into projects and tasks.

During this process of ideation and requirement gathering, we chose our
technology (Angular, Node, Express, and MongoDB). We also designed our UIs for the
web-app, as we are first targeting to release Closetr on the web. We also plan
on making Closetr available for iOS. For now, this is a distant project for us,
but we're designing web-app to be mobile-first to help keep us in check.

Check back here to follow our progress on Closetr!
